Extra "abilities" to randomize outside the classic recipe-tech paradigm

Format:
I. Ability to _____ (Descriptive name of the new unlock)
    A. You can't _____ (More detail about what you can't do by default anymore)
    B. This applies to... (What sorts of items/etc. the ability applies to)
        1. If there is a list here, each entry is a single separate ability unless otherwise stated
    C. (Optional) Notes

When you try to do any of these abilities, you get some sort of unlock, like a recipe or another ability.
For example, you could try putting down a pipe-to-ground and unlock the radar recipe.
Of course, important things like "ability to place rails" would probably have some dupes.
I also need to figure out if I want some way to inform players what placing a thing will do, but that's a later issue.

I. Ability to place an entity
    A. Attempting to place an entity unlocks something, then if you haven't unlocked that entity it either returns to inventory or drops on ground if it can't
    B. For each of the following class of entities there is an unlock:
        1. Pipe
        2. Pipe-to-ground
        3. Pump
        4. Roboport
        5. Concrete/hazard concrete (one unlock)
        6. Refined concrete/hazard concrete (one unlock)
        7. Solar panels
        8. Accumulators
        9. Steel furnaces
        10. Electric furnaces
        11. Assembling machines 3
        12. Beacons
        13. Rocket silo
        14. Walls/gates
        15. Radars
        16. Landmines
        17. Laser turrets
        18. Flamethrower turrets
        19. Artillery of any type (including wagon)
II. Ability to place or rotate an entity in a certain direction
    A. Attempting to place/rotate/flip an entity to an invalid direction instead rotates it until it is facing a valid direction
    B. At the start, you don't have...
        1. Horizontality for belts (must be unlocked per-belt-tier, unlocks are coded so that the first tier/yellows unlocks first, then second/reds, and so on)
        2. Verticality for inserters (must be unlocked per-inserter, unlocks can be in any order)
    C. To be less obnoxious, you only have to put the entity down at all to get its unlock, rather than having to rotate it the right direction as well
III. Ability to place gun turrets near spawners
    A. Instead, they explode
    B. This is just one unlock for all turrets
    C. To get an unlock, you can simply walk close enough to a spawner
IV. Ability to mine fish
    A. Mining a fish in water simply puts it back (and triggers an unlock), at least until you unlock the ability to mine them
    B. Just one unlock for fish
V. Ability to use certain consumable items
    A. Using certain items, like grenades, instead does nothing and gives you an unlock
    B. Applies to (one unlock for each entry)...
        1. Grenades
        2. Cluster grenades
        3. Poison capsules
        4. Slowdown capsules
        5. Defender capsules
        6. Distractor capsules
        7. Destroyer capsules
VI. Ability to remove trees/rocks
    A. Mining a tree or rock still gives the materials, but leaves a dud tree or rock that gives nothing unless you have the ability to mine trees or rocks
    B. There is a separate unlock for...
        1. Trees
        2. Rocks

Planned/thoughts
1. Integrate an inserter configuration mod so I can do more silly stuff